hey guys you're breaking salad G they be
chillin future top five does of the
weekend special face eraser so win up
the fever total of girls and we get and
untuck 380 and and electro certificate
with number five we have a lighting a
FIFA 16 on the board get balls one play
with every lady once on the wing this is
my shop is a box office do everything
before we have AK so HD were batch of
godless on the board during a pretty
rebuttal done
maybe ut1 up next we go right now though
kushai we're not on the ball on the wing
I think us bugs don't play with the
rainbow finger nice talk that Kelly dude
again expected you backing out
whoa whoa whoa no hold Bobby no home boy
and frenemy - we have Jamie Wilco as
Martinez gets the ball as he runs toward
the edge of the woods he starts from a
fake rabona and then over West Oakland
and in a rainbow flick oh sweet baby
Jesus and finally for number one my mama
drew up a win oh we have John seven
productions as it would sit to a baby
but you picked it up and it's olive all
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god that was us from the TV image
to the legendary Enric oh boy Wow